<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [Language][1]
    -   [ComputePOS][2]
        -   [Parameters][3]
-   [Parse][4]
    -   [FilterLength][5]
        -   [Parameters][6]
    -   [SplitMonolithic][7]
        -   [Parameters][8]
    -   [FilterSubject][9]
        -   [Parameters][10]
-   [Scrape][11]
    -   [AllText][12]
        -   [Parameters][13]
-   [Sentiment][14]
    -   [Compute][15]
        -   [Parameters][16]
-   [Tag][17]

## Language

Parsing the scraped front page text.

### ComputePOS

Get part of speech tags for the input sentence.

#### Parameters

-   `text` **[String][18]** The sentence to tag part of speech elements in.

Returns **Promize&lt;[Object][19]>** Part of speech data.

## Parse

Parsing the scraped front page text.

### FilterLength

Filter out text from a URL's primary render HTML that isn't longer than X words (sentence).

#### Parameters

-   `texts` **[Array][20]** Array containing the text of sentences scraped.
-   `length` **[Number][21]** The minimum word count to filter sentences against.

Returns **[Array][20]** The filtered array of texts, containing only sentences longer
than X words.

### SplitMonolithic

Split up monolithic text from a URL by instances of two capitalized words merged
into one. eg. "MarketWatch"

#### Parameters

-   `texts` **[Array][20]** Array containing the text of sentences scraped.
    // \* @param {Number} length The maximum length to consider a text monolithic.

Returns **[Array][20]** The new array of texts, containing the split up texts.

### FilterSubject

Filter text from a URL's primary render HTML that mentions any of the subject keywords.

#### Parameters

-   `texts` **[Array][20]** Array containing the text of sentences scraped.
-   `keywords` **[Array][20]&lt;[String][18]>** Array of strings to search for in the texts.

Returns **[Array][20]** The filtered array of texts, containing only sentences mentioning
the keywords input by the user.

## Scrape

Scraping raw text data from news outlet
front page HTML (headlines, major stories).

### AllText

Get all text from a URL's primary render HTML.

#### Parameters

-   `url` **[String][18]** Web url to scrape for text.

Returns **[Promise][22]&lt;[Array][20]>** Promise of an array containing the text of sentences scraped.

## Sentiment

Get sentiment data from text.

### Compute

Compute sentiment score from a sentence.

#### Parameters

-   `text` **[String][18]** The sentence to analyze for sentiment.

Returns **[Promise][22]&lt;[Object][19]>** Sentiment data.

## Tag

Get topic/tag data from text.

[1]: #language

[2]: #computepos

[3]: #parameters

[4]: #parse

[5]: #filterlength

[6]: #parameters-1

[7]: #splitmonolithic

[8]: #parameters-2

[9]: #filtersubject

[10]: #parameters-3

[11]: #scrape

[12]: #alltext

[13]: #parameters-4

[14]: #sentiment

[15]: #compute

[16]: #parameters-5

[17]: #tag

[18]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[19]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[20]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[21]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[22]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise
